people who have lost everything need all
the help they can
get for Palestinians in Gaza most of
that help has come through the un's
relief and works agency or horaa but now
threats to its funding are putting that
at
risk an is our Lifeline who will give us
food and drink after the war may God
help the people what can I
say people here are appealing onon
states to
reconsider the comments of Britain
Germany and some other European
countries on aid for the Palestinian
people is a disaster for us today they
punish us as if we were as guilty as the
occupiers the occupation Keeps On Doing
crimes and yet they are supporting them
to do more crimes against us the UN
agency distributes food and supplies to
keep people
going and it's opened its doors to
provide shelter to those whose homes now
Li in
runes honor facilities have been shied
by Israeli forces many times since the
War Began they continue the work knowing
they do so at Great risk to themselves
more than 10050 Yuan staff have been
killed since the War Began security here
can't be guaranteed as many of their
facilities have had shut down despite
this people keep coming here seeking
help tar abazo Al jazer Rafa in southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer